Api fix (#518)
smartcontractkit/documentation: docs/Using Any API/make-a-http-get-request.md

+ [API Consumer Example](#api-consumer-example)
+ [Choosing an Oracle and JobId](#choosing-an-oracle-and-jobid)
+ [Supported APIs](#supported-apis)
+ [Existing Job Requests](#existing-job-requests)

# API Consumer Example

Smart contracts should inherit from [`ChainlinkClient`](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/blob/master/contracts/src/v0.6/ChainlinkClient.sol) to consume an API request. This contract exposes a struct called `Chainlink.Request`, which is used to build the API request. The request should include the following:

- Oracle address
- Job id
- Request fee
- Task parameters
- Callback function signature

>❗️ Note on Funding Contracts
>
> Making a GET request will fail unless your deployed contract has enough LINK to pay for it. **Learn how to [Acquire testnet LINK](../acquire-link/) and [Fund your contract](../fund-your-contract/)**.

> Currently, any return value must fit within 32 bytes, if the value is bigger than that multiple requests will need to be made. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The return value must fit within 32 bytes. If the value is bigger than that, make multiple requests. 
```

## Response Data

The *path* task parameter depends on where the target data exists in the response. It uses [JSONPath](https://jsonpath.com/) to determine the location of the data. For example, if the response from the API is `{"USD":243.33}`, the "path" parameter is short: `"USD"`.

> If an API responds with a complex JSON object, the *path* parameter needs to specify where to retrieve the desired data using a dot delimited string for nested objects. For example, take the following response:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an API responds with a complex JSON object, the *path* parameter must specify where to retrieve the desired data using a dot delimited string for nested objects. For example, take the following response:
```

* **`uint256`** - Unsigned integers
* **`int256`** - Signed integers
* **`bool`** - True or False values
* **`bytes32`/`bytes`** - Strings and byte values

> If you need to return a string, use `bytes32`. Here's [one method](https://gist.github.com/alexroan/a8caf258218f4065894ecd8926de39e7) of converting `bytes32` to `string`. Currently, any return value must fit within 32 bytes. If the value is bigger than that multiple requests will need to be made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to return a string, use `bytes32`. Here's [one method](https://gist.github.com/alexroan/a8caf258218f4065894ecd8926de39e7) of converting `bytes32` to `string`. Currently, any return value must fit within 32 bytes. If the value is bigger than that, make multiple requests.
```
